---
layout: case-study
company: 542 Digital
logo: /img/companies/542-logo.png
subtitle: Getting ownership and agency with a Skill Sprint
technologies: [kubernetes]
---

# 542 Digital gets control of their cloud with a Kubernetes Skill Sprint

542 Digital is a UK-based software development company focused on building applications for the financial services industry. An early adopter of AWS, 542 wanted to replace an inherited and difficult to manage AWS setup based on CloudFormation.



## Dealing with legacy

<p class="box has-background-dark">“While AWS CloudFormation worked, it relied heavily on monolithic platform configuration, with too much division between platform and development. We wished to migrate our skillset to a more platform agnostic approach, whereby our development team could take a more hands-on role with both platform and development.”</p>

With new business on the horizon, 542 started looking around for support to help them manage the DevOps side of things. They were considering various options: hiring consultants, increasing headcount or buying training packages.



## Reducing overhead and keeping it simple

542 decided to go for a Kubernetes Skill Sprint from Darwinist which promised to help them completely re-factor their DevOps whilst simultaneously investing in their employees.

<p class="box has-background-dark">“It was clear that working with a freelancer to adjust and augment our existing setup would have cost us more than double, and we would have ended up with a more complex situation at the end.”</p>

Two senior developers participated in the week-long Kubernetes Skill Sprint. In this time, the applications were stripped back to the code, "dockerised" and new CI-CD pipelines were built to deploy their applications to Kubernetes.



## Getting ownership and agency

<p class="box has-background-dark">“The pace of the Skill Sprint was grueling. Darwinist’s expert kept our noses to the grindstone throughout the week,” one participant remembers. "The speed at which I learnt really shocked me. By the end, I had a working deployment process and a deep understanding of Kubernetes. I found it very empowering.”</p>

Another participant says:

<p class="box has-background-dark">“The Skill Sprint got us over the hump quickly and efficiently. We still have some work to do before we go live with the new platform, but I am confident that we could independently achieve that even if we didn’t have Darwinist providing training wheels for us.”</p>